[BOP-972] Add docs for GPU workloads (#74)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/operations/gpu.md

---
title: GPU Workloads
weight: 6
---

Mirantis Kubernetes Engine (MKE) supports running workloads on GPU nodes.
Current support is limited to NVIDIA GPUs. MKE uses the NVIDIA GPU Operator
to manage GPU resources on the cluster.

> To enable GPU support, MKE will install the NVIDIA GPU Operator on your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable GPU support, MKE installs the NVIDIA GPU Operator on your cluster.
```

## Prerequisites

Before you can enable GPU support in MKE, you must install the [NVIDIA GPU
toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html)
on each GPU enabled node in your cluster.

## Configuration

> GPU support is disabled by default. To enable GPU support, you must configure
> the `gpu` section of the MKE configuration file.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GPU support is disabled by default. To enable GPU support, configure
the `gpu` section of the MKE configuration file:

```

```yaml
gpu:
  enabled: true
```

> This informs MKE to install the NVIDIA GPU Operator on your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration enables MKE to install the NVIDIA GPU Operator on your cluster.
```
